README.md, before:

# E-Bikes Lightning Web Components Sample Application

[![Github Workflow](<https://github.com/trailheadapps/ebikes-lwc/workflows/Salesforce%20DX%20(scratch%20org)/badge.svg?branch=master>)](https://github.com/trailheadapps/ebikes-lwc/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Salesforce+DX+%28scratch+org%29%22) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/trailheadapps/ebikes-lwc/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/trailheadapps/ebikes-lwc)

![ebikes-logo](ebikes-logo.png)

E-Bikes is a sample application that demonstrates how to build applications with Lightning Web Components and integrate with Salesforce Communities. E-Bikes is a fictitious electric bicycle manufacturer. The application helps E-Bikes manage their products and reseller orders using a rich user experience.

<div>
    <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/hy4kyit2a/f_auto,fl_lossy,q_70,w_50/learn/projects/quick-start-ebikes-sample-app/a11bf85d136053cdb4745123c4d0ae61_badge.png" align="left" alt="Trailhead Badge"/>
    Learn more about this app by completing the <a href="https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/projects/quick-start-ebikes-sample-app">Quick Start: Explore the E-Bikes Sample App</a> Trailhead project.
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <br/>
</div>

> This sample application is designed to run on Salesforce Platform. If you want to experience Lightning Web Components on any platform, please visit https://lwc.dev, and try out our Lightning Web Components sample application [LWC Recipes OSS](https://github.com/trailheadapps/lwc-recipes-oss).

## Table of contents

-   [Installing E-Bikes using a scratch org](#installing-e-bikes-using-a-scratch-org)

-   [Installing E-Bikes using a Developer Edition Org or a Trailhead Playground](#installing-e-bikes-using-a-developer-edition-org-or-a-trailhead-playground)

-   [Optional installation instructions](#optional-installation-instructions)

## Installing E-Bikes using a Scratch Org

1. Set up your environment. Follow the steps in the [Quick Start: Lightning Web Components](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/projects/quick-start-lightning-web-components/) Trailhead project. The steps include:

    - Enable Dev Hub in your Trailhead Playground
    - Install Salesforce CLI
    - Install Visual Studio Code
    - Install the Visual Studio Code Salesforce extensions, including the Lightning Web Components extension

1. If you haven't already done so, authorize your hub org and provide it with an alias (**myhuborg** in the command below):

    ```
    sfdx auth:web:login -d -a myhuborg
    ```

1. Clone the repository:

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/trailheadapps/ebikes-lwc
    cd ebikes-lwc
    ```

1. Create a scratch org and provide it with an alias (**ebikes** in the command below):

    ```
    sfdx force:org:create -s -f config/project-scratch-def.json -a ebikes
    ```

1. Push the app to your scratch org:

    ```
    sfdx force:source:push
    ```

1. Assign the **ebikes** permission set to the default user:

    ```
    sfdx force:user:permset:assign -n ebikes
    ```

1. Assign the **Walkthroughs** permission set to the default user:

    ```
    sfdx force:user:permset:assign -n Walkthroughs
    ```

1. Import sample data:

    ```
    sfdx force:data:tree:import -p ./data/sample-data-plan.json
    ```

1. Publish the Community:

    ```
    sfdx force:community:publish -n E-Bikes
    ```

1. Open the scratch org:

    ```
    sfdx force:org:open
    ```

1. In **Setup**, under **Themes and Branding**, activate the **Lightning Lite** theme.

1. In App Launcher, select the **E-Bikes** app.

## Installing E-Bikes using a Developer Edition Org or a Trailhead Playground

Follow this set of instructions if you want to deploy the app to a more permanent environment than a Scratch org.
This includes non source-tracked orgs such as a [free Developer Edition Org](https://developer.salesforce.com/signup) or a [Trailhead Playground](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/).

Make sure to start from a brand-new environment to avoid conflicts with previous work you may have done.

1. Clone this repository:

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/trailheadapps/ebikes-lwc
    cd ebikes-lwc
    ```

1. Authorize your Trailhead Playground or Developer org and provide it with an alias (**mydevorg** in the command below):

    ```
    sfdx auth:web:login -s -a mydevorg
    ```

1. Enable Communities with the following steps:

    1. In your org, in **Setup**, select **Communities Settings**.
    1. Click the **Enable communities** checkbox
    1. Enter a domain name for your community. Remember this value as you’ll use it later in this step.
    1. Make sure that your domain name is available by clicking **Check Availability**.
    1. Click **Save** then **Ok**.
    1. Navigate back to **Communities Settings** in Setup.
    1. Under **Community Management Settings**, enable **Enable ExperienceBundle Metadata API**.

1. Configure the Community metadata file with the following steps:

    1. Edit the `force-app/main/default/sites/E_Bikes.site-meta.xml` file.
    1. Replace the value between the `<siteAdmin>` tags with your Playground username.
    1. Replace the value between the `<siteGuestRecordDefaultOwner>` tags with your Playground username.
    1. Replace the value between the `<subdomain>` tags with your Communities domain.
    1. Save the file.

1. Remove the `Product` custom field from the `Case` object with the following steps:

    1. In Setup, click the **Object Manager** tab.
    1. Click on the **Case** object.
    1. Click **Fields & Relationships**.
    1. Locate the **Product** picklist field and click **Delete** from the row menu.
    1. Confirm deletion by clicking **Delete**.

1. Start an In-App Guidance trial

    1. In Setup, navigate to **User Engagement > In-App Guidance**.
    1. Click on the **Start Walkthrough Trial**.
    1. Click on **Submit**.

1. Deploy the App with these steps:

    1. Run this command in a terminal to deploy the app.

        ```
        sfdx force:source:deploy -p force-app
        ```

    1. Assign the **ebikes** permission set to the default user.

        ```
        sfdx force:user:permset:assign -n ebikes
        ```

    1. Import some sample data.

        ```
        sfdx force:data:tree:import -p ./data/sample-data-plan.json
        ```

    1. Publish the Community.

        ```
        sfdx force:community:publish -n E-Bikes
        ```

    1. If your org isn't already open, open it now:

        ```
        sfdx force:org:open -u mydevorg
        ```

    1. In **Setup**, under **Themes and Branding**, activate the **Lightning Lite** theme.

    1. In App Launcher, select the **E-Bikes** app.

## Optional Installation Instructions

This repository contains several files that are relevant if you want to integrate modern web development tooling to your Salesforce development processes, or to your continuous integration/continuous deployment processes.

### Code formatting

[Prettier](https://prettier.io/) is a code formatter used to ensure consistent formatting across your code base. To use Prettier with Visual Studio Code, install [this extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode) from the Visual Studio Code Marketplace. The [.prettierignore](/.prettierignore) and [.prettierrc](/.prettierrc) files are provided as part of this repository to control the behavior of the Prettier formatter.

### Code linting

[ESLint](https://eslint.org/) is a popular JavaScript linting tool used to identify stylistic errors and erroneous constructs. To use ESLint with Visual Studio Code, install [this extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=salesforce.salesforcedx-vscode-lwc) from the Visual Studio Code Marketplace. The [.eslintignore](/.eslintignore) file is provided as part of this repository to exclude specific files from the linting process in the context of Lightning Web Components development.

### Pre-commit hook

This repository also comes with a [package.json](./package.json) file that makes it easy to set up a pre-commit hook that enforces code formatting and linting by running Prettier and ESLint every time you `git commit` changes.

To set up the formatting and linting pre-commit hook:

1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) if you haven't already done so

1. Run `npm install` in your project's root folder to install the ESLint and Prettier modules (Note: Mac users should verify that Xcode command line tools are installed before running this command.)

Prettier and ESLint will now run automatically every time you commit changes. The commit will fail if linting errors are detected. You can also run the formatting and linting from the command line using the following commands (check out [package.json](./package.json) for the full list):

```
npm run lint:lwc
npm run prettier
```

Commit message:

Update Readme.md Now it is DIgital Experiences

README.md, after:

# E-Bikes Lightning Web Components Sample Application

[![Github Workflow](<https://github.com/trailheadapps/ebikes-lwc/workflows/Salesforce%20DX%20(scratch%20org)/badge.svg?branch=master>)](https://github.com/trailheadapps/ebikes-lwc/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Salesforce+DX+%28scratch+org%29%22) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/trailheadapps/ebikes-lwc/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/trailheadapps/ebikes-lwc)

![ebikes-logo](ebikes-logo.png)

E-Bikes is a sample application that demonstrates how to build applications with Lightning Web Components and integrate with Salesforce Communities. E-Bikes is a fictitious electric bicycle manufacturer. The application helps E-Bikes manage their products and reseller orders using a rich user experience.

<div>
    <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/hy4kyit2a/f_auto,fl_lossy,q_70,w_50/learn/projects/quick-start-ebikes-sample-app/a11bf85d136053cdb4745123c4d0ae61_badge.png" align="left" alt="Trailhead Badge"/>
    Learn more about this app by completing the <a href="https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/projects/quick-start-ebikes-sample-app">Quick Start: Explore the E-Bikes Sample App</a> Trailhead project.
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <br/>
</div>

> This sample application is designed to run on Salesforce Platform. If you want to experience Lightning Web Components on any platform, please visit https://lwc.dev, and try out our Lightning Web Components sample application [LWC Recipes OSS](https://github.com/trailheadapps/lwc-recipes-oss).

## Table of contents

-   [Installing E-Bikes using a scratch org](#installing-e-bikes-using-a-scratch-org)

-   [Installing E-Bikes using a Developer Edition Org or a Trailhead Playground](#installing-e-bikes-using-a-developer-edition-org-or-a-trailhead-playground)

-   [Optional installation instructions](#optional-installation-instructions)

## Installing E-Bikes using a Scratch Org

1. Set up your environment. Follow the steps in the [Quick Start: Lightning Web Components](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/projects/quick-start-lightning-web-components/) Trailhead project. The steps include:

    - Enable Dev Hub in your Trailhead Playground
    - Install Salesforce CLI
    - Install Visual Studio Code
    - Install the Visual Studio Code Salesforce extensions, including the Lightning Web Components extension

1. If you haven't already done so, authorize your hub org and provide it with an alias (**myhuborg** in the command below):

    ```
    sfdx auth:web:login -d -a myhuborg
    ```

1. Clone the repository:

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/trailheadapps/ebikes-lwc
    cd ebikes-lwc
    ```

1. Create a scratch org and provide it with an alias (**ebikes** in the command below):

    ```
    sfdx force:org:create -s -f config/project-scratch-def.json -a ebikes
    ```

1. Push the app to your scratch org:

    ```
    sfdx force:source:push
    ```

1. Assign the **ebikes** permission set to the default user:

    ```
    sfdx force:user:permset:assign -n ebikes
    ```

1. Assign the **Walkthroughs** permission set to the default user:

    ```
    sfdx force:user:permset:assign -n Walkthroughs
    ```

1. Import sample data:

    ```
    sfdx force:data:tree:import -p ./data/sample-data-plan.json
    ```

1. Publish the Community:

    ```
    sfdx force:community:publish -n E-Bikes
    ```

1. Open the scratch org:

    ```
    sfdx force:org:open
    ```

1. In **Setup**, under **Themes and Branding**, activate the **Lightning Lite** theme.

1. In App Launcher, select the **E-Bikes** app.

## Installing E-Bikes using a Developer Edition Org or a Trailhead Playground

Follow this set of instructions if you want to deploy the app to a more permanent environment than a Scratch org.
This includes non source-tracked orgs such as a [free Developer Edition Org](https://developer.salesforce.com/signup) or a [Trailhead Playground](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/).

Make sure to start from a brand-new environment to avoid conflicts with previous work you may have done.

1. Clone this repository:

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/trailheadapps/ebikes-lwc
    cd ebikes-lwc
    ```

1. Authorize your Trailhead Playground or Developer org and provide it with an alias (**mydevorg** in the command below):

    ```
    sfdx auth:web:login -s -a mydevorg
    ```

1. Enable Communities with the following steps:

    1. In your org, in **Setup**, select **Digital Experiences**.
    1. Click the **Enable Digital Experiences** checkbox
    1. Enter a domain name for your community. Remember this value as you’ll use it later in this step.
    1. Make sure that your domain name is available by clicking **Check Availability**.
    1. Click **Save** then **Ok**.
    1. Navigate back to **Digital Experiences** in Setup.
    1. Under **Digital Experiences Settings**, enable **Enable ExperienceBundle Metadata API**.

1. Configure the Community metadata file with the following steps:

    1. Edit the `force-app/main/default/sites/E_Bikes.site-meta.xml` file.
    1. Replace the value between the `<siteAdmin>` tags with your Playground username.
    1. Replace the value between the `<siteGuestRecordDefaultOwner>` tags with your Playground username.
    1. Replace the value between the `<subdomain>` tags with your Communities domain.
    1. Save the file.

1. Remove the `Product` custom field from the `Case` object with the following steps:

    1. In Setup, click the **Object Manager** tab.
    1. Click on the **Case** object.
    1. Click **Fields & Relationships**.
    1. Locate the **Product** picklist field and click **Delete** from the row menu.
    1. Confirm deletion by clicking **Delete**.

1. Start an In-App Guidance trial

    1. In Setup, navigate to **User Engagement > In-App Guidance**.
    1. Click on the **Start Walkthrough Trial**.
    1. Click on **Submit**.

1. Deploy the App with these steps:

    1. Run this command in a terminal to deploy the app.

        ```
        sfdx force:source:deploy -p force-app
        ```

    1. Assign the **ebikes** permission set to the default user.

        ```
        sfdx force:user:permset:assign -n ebikes
        ```

    1. Import some sample data.

        ```
        sfdx force:data:tree:import -p ./data/sample-data-plan.json
        ```

    1. Publish the Community.

        ```
        sfdx force:community:publish -n E-Bikes
        ```

    1. If your org isn't already open, open it now:

        ```
        sfdx force:org:open -u mydevorg
        ```

    1. In **Setup**, under **Themes and Branding**, activate the **Lightning Lite** theme.

    1. In App Launcher, select the **E-Bikes** app.

## Optional Installation Instructions

This repository contains several files that are relevant if you want to integrate modern web development tooling to your Salesforce development processes, or to your continuous integration/continuous deployment processes.

### Code formatting

[Prettier](https://prettier.io/) is a code formatter used to ensure consistent formatting across your code base. To use Prettier with Visual Studio Code, install [this extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode) from the Visual Studio Code Marketplace. The [.prettierignore](/.prettierignore) and [.prettierrc](/.prettierrc) files are provided as part of this repository to control the behavior of the Prettier formatter.

### Code linting

[ESLint](https://eslint.org/) is a popular JavaScript linting tool used to identify stylistic errors and erroneous constructs. To use ESLint with Visual Studio Code, install [this extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=salesforce.salesforcedx-vscode-lwc) from the Visual Studio Code Marketplace. The [.eslintignore](/.eslintignore) file is provided as part of this repository to exclude specific files from the linting process in the context of Lightning Web Components development.

### Pre-commit hook

This repository also comes with a [package.json](./package.json) file that makes it easy to set up a pre-commit hook that enforces code formatting and linting by running Prettier and ESLint every time you `git commit` changes.

To set up the formatting and linting pre-commit hook:

1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) if you haven't already done so

1. Run `npm install` in your project's root folder to install the ESLint and Prettier modules (Note: Mac users should verify that Xcode command line tools are installed before running this command.)

Prettier and ESLint will now run automatically every time you commit changes. The commit will fail if linting errors are detected. You can also run the formatting and linting from the command line using the following commands (check out [package.json](./package.json) for the full list):

```
npm run lint:lwc
npm run prettier
```
